If you could travel back in time and take one item from todays society, what item would you select and why?

	If I could bring back one item from todays society in my travels back in time I would choose to bring a cell phone. I would choose this because I think that the further informed we are the more succesful and more advanced we will become in the future. If you look twenty years into the future you would probably see very highly advanced technology, in the likes that we right now can't even dream about. The cell phone was first introduced by Bell Labs in 1970, and now almost 40 years later we can do everything on these cell phones from going on the internet, to texting people all around the globe. This is something that wasn't imaginable to those living when cell phones were being introduced to the public.
	The reason I would take a cell phone is so that I could for one call my friends and family and let them know that I'm not dead I just traveled back in time. In all seriousness though I would be able to use my cell phone as a camera, to take pictures of the past. I would also be able to use all of the tools that are found on a cell phone that include: a flashlight, a timer, an alarm clock, a clock, and a calculator. If I were to get bored in the past I would also be able to many games, and listen to music. These accessories that come with a cell phone are what make it the perfect item to bring back in time. 
	I think bringing something like this back in time would change the way history has worked out by creating a need to advance what is given to them. I don't think that it would change the future as much as expected only because of the way the cell phone has developed in front of us so far. It took over twenty years for the cell phones to adapt internet connection into their phones and I believe this is a result of the new things that are being taught in school today, compared to what the last generations have been taught. This new information we are being taught will help us to improve technology at an even faster rate than what we have seen before. 